NMS-8861: Add information about logging (#4550)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/logging/change-logging.adoc

[[ga-change-logging]]

== Change logging

> {page-component-title} uses the https://logging.apache.org/log4j/[Apache Log4j] framework for managing how the logs are being written, structured or rotated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} uses the https://logging.apache.org/log4j/[Apache Log4j] framework to manage how the logs are written, structured, or rotated.
```

The configuration file can be found in `/etc/opennms/log4j2.xml`.

Each daemon can have an individual logging level.

The corresponding configuration in this file can be found in the XML tree path

*configuration/loggers/root/DynamicThresholdFilter/KeyValuePair*

The default logging level is `WARN`.
But the levels can be set to `TRACE`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `WARN`, or `ERROR` depending on the need.

For troubleshooting purposes `DEBUG` can be used. 
By saving the changes in this file {page-component-title} needs a few seconds to apply the changes.

> The additional `DEBUG` log output is now also being written to the corresponding log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The additional DEBUG log output is now also being written to the corresponding log file.
```

NOTE: Don't forget to set the logging level back to `WARN` after changing it to an higher severity.

> Depending on the scale {page-component-title} can generate a lot more logs which will require more disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the scale, {page-component-title} can generate a lot more logs which will require more disk space.
```
